Decouple MBI from Advanced Reports (DevDocs side) (#7385)
magento/devdocs: src/guides/v2.3/advanced-reporting/overview.md

    - Reports
---

> [Advanced reporting functionality]{:target="_blank"} is free to Magento Commerce and Open Source customers and is provided through an integration of a Magento instance with [Magento Business Intelligence]{:target="_blank"} (MBI). Magento collects data and sends this information to MBI for analytics. You do not need to have an MBI account to use Advanced Reporting.

Reviewer: Global in this doc: remove the `{:target="_blank"}`  directives.

> [Advanced reporting functionality]{:target="_blank"} is free to Magento Commerce and Open Source customers and is provided through an integration of a Magento instance with [Magento Business Intelligence]{:target="_blank"} (MBI). Magento collects data and sends this information to MBI for analytics. You do not need to have an MBI account to use Advanced Reporting.

Reviewer: Global in this doc: remove the `{:target="_blank"}` directive.

1. In the Magento configuration, **Use Secure URLs on Storefront**, **and Use Secure URLs in Admin** must be set to **Yes**.
1. Make sure that [Magento crontab]{:target="_blank"} is created and cron jobs are running on the installed server.

The merchant can now click on the **Go to Advanced Reporting** button on the Admin dashboard to launch the advanced reporting features.

{:.bs-callout-info}
It can take up to a day for data to be available in Advanced Reporting.

## Recommendations

To avoid system overload during its prime time, you can set the preferable time of a day for a data collection.

## Extensibility

> Though the Analytics module provides an API, it is used specifically to interchange data with MBI. Magento does not recommend you extend the advanced reporting functionality in this version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Though the Analytics module provides an API, it is used specifically to interchange data with MBI. Magento does not recommend extending the advanced reporting functionality.
```
